update README (#187)
OpenLiberty/docs-playbook: README.md

7. Repeat steps 5 and 6 for the [docs-generated repo](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs-generated/blob/vNext/antora.yml)

> 8. Now Antora natively supports 'latest' redirecting to the latest version, but on reverse when user manually types the actual latest numerical version eg: 22.0.0.5 for redirecting to symbolic version need to update in doc-redirects properties file as /docs/22.0.0.5/* (Why because Antora builds the latest version as latest ie with url /latest, so /22.0.0.5 doesn’t exists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Antora natively supports automatically redirecting to the latest version by replacing the latest numerical version number in the URL with 'latest'. However, you must update the doc-redirects properties file so that if a user manually types the latest numerical version into the URL they are redirected to the `latest` symbolic version.
 
In this repo, update [the redirects file on `prod`](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs-playbook/blob/prod/doc-redirects.properties) so that `/docs/xx.0.0.x/*=/docs/latest/`, where `xx.0.0.x` is the version of the doc that is being released. Then, update the same file on [`draft`](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs-playbook/blob/draft/doc-redirects.properties) and [`staging`](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/docs-playbook/blob/staging/doc-redirects.properties) to point to the _next_ upcoming release (the newest released version + 1). For example, if the versiuon that is being released is `22.0.0.5`, you must define `/docs/22.0.0.5/*=/docs/latest/` in the prod version of the docs-redirects properties file and `/docs/22.0.0.6/*=/docs/latest/` in the draft and staging versions of the file.
```

> 9. Finally make a request to rebuild the openliberty.io site until the automation of prod site rebuild gets worked out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.  Before proceeding, make sure all of the pull requests and changes from previous steps have been merged into their respective repos (docs, docs-generated, and docs-playbook). The PRs that you merged in step 7. triggered builds of the draft and staging sites. These builds should take 30-60 minutes to complete, and you can track their progress if you have access to the `#was-ol-draft-site-alerts` and `#was-ol-staging-site-alerts` slack channels. Once the builds complete, you can verify them on the draft and staging sites, which should now default to the _next_ upcoming version as `latest`. Look for the next upcoming version in the version-picker display at the beginning of the table of contents. When the prod site publishes, it will default to the version that is being released.
10. Finally, in the [#was-open-liberty-site](https://ibm-cloud.slack.com/archives/C4U7TQUSY/p1652190177756459) Slack channel, request a rebuild of the production openliberty.io site to publish the release.

> 9. In the openliberty.io repo, [open a pull request from the `staging` branch into the `prod` branch](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/openliberty.io/compare/staging?expand=1). The [openliberty.io site](https://openliberty.io/) will automatically rebuild when the pull request is merged in. You can track the progress using the [IBM Cloud pipeline](https://cloud.ibm.com/devops/pipelines/063d397c-febc-4f73-8340-61da6bc775f5?env_id=ibm:yp:us-south).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I follow as to why steps 8 & 9 still exist.  If the docs team no longer needs to make changes to the openliberty.io repo (which was part of the point of moving to antora's support of latest), then they should no longer need to open PRs to it.  The draft and staging sites will be automatically rebuilt by their necessary merges to the docs repos (outlined in the previous steps).

The only potential addition would be to request a rebuild of the prod site, which could also be automated based on merges to `prod` branch of docs-playbook, similarly to how merges to `prod` branch of openliberty.io and blogs repos kicks off a prod site rebuild.  Alternatively, they could just request one via slack, though I'd be in favor of automation.

Reviewer 2: @dmuelle @kinueng

Author: yeah ok @mbroz2 I will make that change

Author: removed

Reviewer: This LGTM if we dont need to worry about changes in the website repo or the docs redirects anymore.

I think we need to add a final step to request a rebuild of the website until the automation piece gets worked out.

 If we do set it up so that a merge into Docs playbook prod triggers a prod site rebuild, we might need to revisit these instructions as the last merge to docs playbook prod is currently in step 4- not sure if it matters that we'd trigger a site rebuild before we're finished updating draft and staging stuff in the docs and docs generated repos.

Reviewer 3: Hi @mbroz2, can we mark this code review feedback as resolved?

Reviewer 3: After reading the latest changes to the instructions, this looks to be resolved.

Reviewer 3: After reading the latest changes to the instructions, this looks to be resolved.
